General:SPCTR-2372-No need of Negative Line height/Font-Size/Border Radius/Border Width (#2833)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

* Fix: Inline Notice - Content color is not working in the backend.
* Fix: Inline Notice - Content typography is not working.
* Fix: Taxonomy block - Translation missing for Select string in PHP file.

> * General: No need of Negative Line height/Font-Size/Border Radius/Border Width.

Reviewer: Follow our standard practices for adding changelog.
```suggestion
* Fix: Spacing Control - Removed the capability to set negative values for width & radius settings.
* Fix: Typography Control - Removed the capability to set negative values for line-height & font size settings.
```
